Oh epic play time viewers my name is
Lord high Tyto right I'm the Canadian
executive director for the ik t hof
which the international knife throwers
Hall of Fame these the knives I throw I
make these two call you golfin wolf to
14 inches long they're two and a quarter
wide at the widest part top of the clip
the quarter inch thick to spite of the
quarter inch under weigh about a pound
and a half I've been throwing for about
15 years but the last three years
seriously when I wanted to compete and
then I hooked up with an international
night source all Fame to go on compete
one of the best organizations in the
world if you'd like to see more of these
knives and some leather work please
visit my page ward right knives and
leather thank you very much
I straw
you